CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Certainly! Here's a more detailed `CONTRIBUTING.md` template for your GitHub repository:

# Contributing to LESP - Lightweight Efficient Spelling Proofreader

Welcome! We're thrilled that you are interested in contributing to LESP. Before you get started, please take a moment to review this document for guidelines on how to contribute.

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Fork the Repository](#fork-the-repository)
  - [Clone Your Fork](#clone-your-fork)
  - [Create a Branch](#create-a-branch)
- [Making Changes](#making-changes)
  - [Coding Standards](#coding-standards)
  - [Commit Messages](#commit-messages)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Pull Request Process](#pull-request-process)
  - [Opening a Pull Request](#opening-a-pull-request)
  - [Code Review](#code-review)
  - [Merging a Pull Request](#merging-a-pull-request)
- [Contributor License Agreement](#contributor-license-agreement)
- [Community and Communication](#community-and-communication)
- [Reporting Issues](#reporting-issues)

## Getting Started

### Fork the Repository

Click the "Fork" button in the upper right corner of the GitHub repository page to create your copy of the repository.

### Clone Your Fork

Clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/lesp.git
```

### Create a Branch

Create a new branch for your changes:

```bash
git checkout -b feature-branch
```

## Making Changes

### Coding Standards

Please follow the existing coding standards used in the project. This includes code formatting, naming conventions, and commenting.

### Commit Messages

Write clear and concise commit messages. Follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) specification for meaningful and consistent commit messages.

## Testing

Before submitting a pull request, ensure that your changes are well-tested. Add new test cases where necessary and make sure existing tests pass.

## Pull Request Process

### Opening a Pull Request

1. Push your changes to your forked repository.
2. Open a pull request on the main repository.

### Code Review

Your pull request will be reviewed by the maintainers. Address any feedback and make additional changes if necessary.

### Merging a Pull Request

Once your pull request has been approved, a maintainer will merge it into the main branch. Afterward, your contribution will be part of the next release.

## Contributor License Agreement

By contributing to this project, you agree to the [BSD 3-Clause License](LICENSE). Make sure all your contributions are compliant with this license.

## Community and Communication

Join our Discord server to connect with other contributors and discuss development-related topics: [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/XkjPDcSfNz)

## Reporting Issues

If you encounter any issues or have feature requests, please open an issue on the [Issues page](https://github.com/LyubomirT/lesp/issues). Provide detailed information about the problem or suggestion to help us address it effectively.

Thank you for contributing to LESP! 🚀

Commit message:

Add section about AI-generated code in CONTRIBUTING.md.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Certainly! Here's a more detailed `CONTRIBUTING.md` template for your GitHub repository:

# Contributing to LESP - Lightweight Efficient Spelling Proofreader

Welcome! We're thrilled that you are interested in contributing to LESP. Before you get started, please take a moment to review this document for guidelines on how to contribute.

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Fork the Repository](#fork-the-repository)
  - [Clone Your Fork](#clone-your-fork)
  - [Create a Branch](#create-a-branch)
- [Making Changes](#making-changes)
  - [Coding Standards](#coding-standards)
  - [AI-Generated Code](#ai-generated-code)
  - [Commit Messages](#commit-messages)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Pull Request Process](#pull-request-process)
  - [Opening a Pull Request](#opening-a-pull-request)
  - [Code Review](#code-review)
  - [Merging a Pull Request](#merging-a-pull-request)
- [Contributor License Agreement](#contributor-license-agreement)
- [Community and Communication](#community-and-communication)
- [Reporting Issues](#reporting-issues)

## Getting Started

### Fork the Repository

Click the "Fork" button in the upper right corner of the GitHub repository page to create your copy of the repository.

### Clone Your Fork

Clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/lesp.git
```

### Create a Branch

Create a new branch for your changes:

```bash
git checkout -b feature-branch
```

## Making Changes

### Coding Standards

Please follow the existing coding standards used in the project. This includes code formatting, naming conventions, and commenting.

### AI-Generated Code

While using AI to assist you while programming is okay, Pull Requests with the whole change made by AI will probably be rejected. Please use AI to assist you, not to do the whole work for you. If the Pull Request is made by AI, please add a comment that you used AI to assist you.

### Commit Messages

Write clear and concise commit messages. Follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) specification for meaningful and consistent commit messages.

## Testing

Before submitting a pull request, ensure that your changes are well-tested. Add new test cases where necessary and make sure existing tests pass.

## Pull Request Process

### Opening a Pull Request

1. Push your changes to your forked repository.
2. Open a pull request on the main repository.

### Code Review

Your pull request will be reviewed by the maintainers. Address any feedback and make additional changes if necessary.

### Merging a Pull Request

Once your pull request has been approved, a maintainer will merge it into the main branch. Afterward, your contribution will be part of the next release.

## Contributor License Agreement

By contributing to this project, you agree to the [BSD 3-Clause License](LICENSE). Make sure all your contributions are compliant with this license.

## Community and Communication

Join our Discord server to connect with other contributors and discuss development-related topics: [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/XkjPDcSfNz)

## Reporting Issues

If you encounter any issues or have feature requests, please open an issue on the [Issues page](https://github.com/LyubomirT/lesp/issues). Provide detailed information about the problem or suggestion to help us address it effectively.

Thank you for contributing to LESP! 🚀
